>> Francesca Sadikin: So
now let's get started on our exercise.
So as a recap,
what we're going to be doing in this
exercise is to work an existing code.
So this is going to be very similar to
what you might be doing in your companies.
So just to introduce you to what I
have set up in my local environment,
I have all of the shop
requirements here on the left,
including the new one that we need
to implement about conjured items.
In the test files, I have these
little buttons called run and debug.
This is coming from just
runner vs code extension.
Essentially, it's just Is an easy way for
me to enter a debug mode in these tests.
You don't have to have this set up for
yourself.
I will show you the debugger as
part of this exercise later on.
And I also have my terminal down here.
I am already in the js-jest directory so,
that means that we're
working in JavaScript with
the jest testing framework, and
I'm gonna run the test suite by
running NPM run test, colon: watch.
This runs it in test watch mode,
so you can see it run here.
And every time I make
a save in any of my files,
you can see that it just reruns for me.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Okay,
so let us start.
If you guys are not familiar with
just to give you also another little
overview of what we're looking at here.
This is the test block itself, right?
So it says, it starts with an it, the
first parameter is the name of the test,
and then we have a callback in which
we set up our test and in this case,
we are creating our new gildedrose
shop with a single item of foo and
also if I hover over item,
you can see that it's providing me
the names of the different arguments.
So the second argument is selling and
the third is quality.
I am calling update quality of the shop,
which returns the set of items.
And then here is
the actual test assertion,
where in this case I'm just grabbing
the first item in this items collection,
checking that the name is currently fixme.
So this first test is failing.
And so let's actually make this pass,
right?
So it's telling us that it expected fixme,
so that's what we wrote here,
but it received foo.
So to make this pass,
I'm just going to change this back to foo.
And so this one now passes.
So I know this is a test that they
just provided to help us get started.
But I actually think this is
a useful test we can keep.
We are just going to rename it,
because really,
it's just checking that there
is a name property on the item.
So I'm going to rename this as
should have a name value, all right.
So I'm going to now go down this list
on the left and right new unit test.
The next one is that all
items have a cell and value,
which denotes the number of
days we have to sell the item.
I'm going to combine that with this
requirement right here that says that
at the end of the day,
the system lowers both the sell and
end quality values for every item.
So I'm going to write a new test block and
I'm going to call it,
it should have a cell in value that
decreases at the end of the day.
So it should have a cell in value
that decreases at the end of the day.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Just
something to note here,
you can see that I am starting
all of my names with it should.
This is a little just naming convention
where we start with should and
then the grammatically correct
sentence of what this test does.
So Inside, I'm just going to create my new
gildedrose shop, which has a single item.
It doesn't quite matter what
the name of this item is, so
I'm just going to use foo, and I'll use
a selling of 10 and a quality of 20.
I'm going to call gildedrose update
quality which returns the items,
and now I expect that
the first item's selling
is going to be 9,
cuz it's going to decrease by 1.
Okay, so we have that test, and
then so we're gonna write our next one,
very similar, except it's going to
be about the quality value instead.
So it should have a quality value
that decreases at the end of the day.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Going to
create my new gildedrose shop.
Single item of food use the same selling,
same quality value.
I'm gonna create my items from gildedrose,
update quality, and
this time I am asserting
that the first items
quality is going to be 19.
Okay, so just a little forewarning, it can
get a little tedious to write all of these
tests, but stay with me, because I'm gonna
show you how powerful this test suite is
going to be once we enter
our refactoring phases.
All right, we have two more for
default items.
Once the sell by date has passed
quality degrades twice as fast.
So I'm gonna convert that into the name.
It should degrade quality twice
as fast when selling has passed.
So it should degrade quality twice
as fast once selling has passed.
>> Francesca Sadikin: So inside,
I'm creating my new gildedrose
shop with the single item of foo,
except this time,
I'm going to use a sell in of
0 to mark it as a sell by date
has that has passed, and
then I'm gonna use quality
of 20 going to check the items
from update quality.
And this time,
I'm going to expect that the items,
well let me check that the sell
in is continuing to decrement.
So in this case, I expect -1.
Yep, that's right.
And then now I check that item's quality.
So twice as fast means that
it's going to be 18, okay.
The last one here for
regular items is that
the quality of an item is never negative,
so it should never have a negative value.
That's what I'll call it should never
have a negative value, quality value.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Here's my
little setup of the gildedrose shop.
>> Francesca Sadikin: And this time
I will still use foo as the name,
selling is 10, accept, and
then the quality is now 0,
so that's what I'm checking.
So const items =
gildedrose update quality.
>> Francesca Sadikin: And so I expect
that the items quality is going to be 0,
it's not going to continue decrementing,
okay.
So I have the first set of tests and
I can see that we have quite
a few specialty items.
And what I want to do is start
grouping these tests together.
So you notice these describe blocks,
all it's doing is just grouping the tests.
That's all it is.
And so I'm going to say that this
is the default item behavior suite,
I'm going to move all of my tests so far.
>> Francesca Sadikin: I clicked
Option up on a Mac, and
that just moved all the lines up for me.
And so now you can see that new grouping,
all of these tests are under
this new title here.
So that's all it's doing.